# System-Analysis-and-Design
## Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The client, DriverPass, wanted us to create a web-based program that allows users to take online classes, as well as in person driving lessons, to be better prepared for their driver's test. We were tasked with creating a web-based system that is managed through the cloud to provide users with study tools and practice tests, online quizzes/tests, and allow the user to schedule a driving lesson. 

## What did you do particularly well?
I believe that the best part of this project that I created was the business requirements document. This is an important document to create in the design step of the development process because it lays out all of the necessary components of the system to give the team a thorough understanding of the client's needs. I feel as though my business requirements document was very thorough and transparent. 

## If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
After looking back at my work, one thing I feel could be improved is the UML class diagram for the DriverPass system that I created. I think that the classes I have already are correct, but I may be missing some for the system management side such as updating and maintenance of the system. There should also be classes for the secretary, IT Officer, and DMV with their own attributes and functions. 

## How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
It is essential to collect as much information from the user as possible to develop a thorough understanding of the requirements of each project. Interpreting user needs accurately will be necessary to develop a great project. I will need to speak with the user and/or observe the user in their day to day work so that I can accurately meet the user's needs. This is such an important step because it is essential in planning and understanding what will be required from the system. 

## How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
In order to begin developing a program, I must first begin with planning and analysis. This will give me a good insight on the purpose and requirements of the project. Then, I would begin designing models to represent the project. These would include UML diagrams which would break down the project into sequences, use cases, or classes to give the developers a better understanding of the sysytem. Then comes development and testing where the actual code is written and tested to make sure all requirements are met. At this point, the program should be ready to deploy. In the future, it would be beneficial for me to use Gannt charts, business requirements documents, and UML diagrams to help me better understand and plan the system. 
